# Implementation

## Method
Check unateness of each PO one by one.
1. Create cone of each PO (need to take care of negation) to obtain a simplified 1-output circuit.
2. Derive two CNF corresponding to the same circuit, where one is to represent positive cofactor F1 and the other one is to represent negative cofactor F0.
3. Create a SATsolver that associate the two CNFs.
4. Add clauses with enablers to assert equivalance between two corresponding PIs from each CNF.
5. For each PI, check its unateness. Enabler literals are added to assumption list to take care of phases of the testing PI in each CNF that represent F1/F0 and to assert equivalance of all the other PIs.
6. Add assumptions of phases of POs in both circuits to SAT to find counter examples. Eg, counter example of +unate is (F0=1 and F1=0).
7. Solve the SAT problem.

## Data structure
1. One additional ntk for each PO to represent simplified 1-output circuit.
2. One Aig manager for each PO.
3. Two CNFs for each PO.
4. One SATsolver for each PO.
5. Three vectors representing "positive unate variables", "negative unate variables", and "binate variables" respectively.
6. A vector of literals for assumption list.

## Optimization
1. Use incremental SAT solving technique (assumptions) to share the learned clauses in solving unateness of each PIs for a single PO.
2. Use sat solver simplify to solver faster by chance.
3. Skip checking unateness of a PI if we already know that this PI is independent to the testing PO (both + and - unate), which can be identified after creating cone.

## API used
1.  Abc_NtkCreateCone
2.  Abc_NtkDelete
3.  Abc_NtkToDar
4.  Aig_ManStop
5.  Cnf_Derive
6.  Cnf_DataDup
7.  Cnf_DataLift
8.  Cnf_DataFree
9.  Cnf_DataWriteIntoSolver(Int)
10. sat_solver_setnvars
11. sat_solver_add_buffer_enable
12. sat_solver_simplify
13. sat_solver_solve
14. sat_solver_delete
15. Abc_NodeIsTravIdCurrent
16. Vec_PtrAlloc
17. Vec_PtrPush
18. Vec_PtrClear
19. Vec_PtrSort
